well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again
so tonight I'm gonna read a message and
it's a long message I'm gonna read the
whole thing except for the identifying
information in it because there are
things that I think need to be addressed
other than just the final question I
feel weird getting so many of these
questions lately you know I I don't own
anymore
but it's I think it's something needs to
be addressed anyway so I think I'll ask
here since it is sort of relevant and I
couldn't find an email to contact you
with let me stop for a second
Twitter Facebook you can go to the fifth
column main page and send a message
through there and eventually I'll get it
or you can leave in the comment section
it may take two weeks but eventually
I'll see it I try to read all the
comments okay
I'm trans and I've been out of the
closet for 27 years and in transition
for 21 in that time I've often felt
unsafe and noped out of a lot of
situations however I have never felt
more unsafe in my life than I do now and
have since the last presidential
election I do not recall a period in my
life with this much anti-trans sentiment
up until these past few years I've never
felt that I needed more self defensive
gear than a can of mace and a butterfly
knife now though I've been seriously
contemplating buying a gun I live in a
state where all you need to buy a gun is
a smile and behind the money and you can
legally walk out with it hidden on your
person a constitutional carry state and
an effective stand your ground state
I've done a lot of reading on the
subject lately and I suppose since Trump
left office there's been a slowdown of
gun sales overall but a serious up T
uptick and the gun purchases by LGB and
especially T people that's
I'm not a gun person and I know which
end are I know which end to point at the
ground but other than that I would need
to take a safety class to feel
comfortable with it in my home even
unlocked or unloaded and locked in a
safe with no ammunition on the premises
I suppose I'm wondering what your
thoughts are on this is it a bad idea
for LGBTQ people to be arming ourselves
is it only more likely to escalate
violence against us okay last question
first no it is not more likely to
escalate violence against you these
people hate you because they've been
told to they've been inflamed by
rhetoric most of them they don't
understand they haven't been exposed
that they're not familiar with it
and people fear things they're not
familiar with and then you have certain
elements in flaming that substantially
but you are not responsible for the
violence that would be visited upon you
by bigots I mean that's not your fault
and nothing you are going to be able to
do one way or another is going to change
them you can't make them like you that's
that's gonna have to be a societal push
it's not something that you as an
individual can do okay a safety course
yeah definitely absolutely if you're not
comfortable handling one definitely take
a safety course take two take as many as
you need to until you're extremely
comfortable with it it is a very
dangerous tool but beyond that you need
to learn how to win you're talking about
purchasing a firearm for the express
purpose of killing someone it doesn't
matter that it's self-defense at the end
of the day that's what you're buying it
for
because you can't buy it to scare people
or to ward people off when that when
they're doing something that that will
escalate things some of the best advice
I ever got was if you're dumb enough to
pull a gun you better be smart enough to
pull the trigger the second it comes out
the whole dynamic changes now about a
year ago sadly for the very same reasons
after the synagogue incident I had
somebody send me a very similar question
an anti-gun person who had a change of
heart because of the current political
climate I made a very very end up the
video about it and what it takes to win
and what you need to learn it's going to
pop up over here at the end of this
video and then below it will be the
follow-up because I kept up with her I
was just watching both of those there
are some differences because you're
talking about carrying it on your person
to deal with confrontations initiated by
people that well you don't know their
intent you don't know if they're just
gonna walk up and say something stupid
or they're gonna walk up and do
something stupid and you have to be
certain of that before that thing ever
leaves the holster you have to know you
have to be certain if you're not that's
when bad things happen if that comes out
and it wasn't going to be a violent
situation it has suddenly become one
does he have to be very very certain of
that you have to understand the intent
and the problem is that's gonna be a
surprise for you you don't get to know
ahead of time as in her situation she
had a pretty good idea when you watch
those other videos you'll hear the
phrase speed surprise and violence of
action those are the things you need to
win and it'll go into more in depth
about it but surprise is going to be
lacking you're not gonna have that they
do
because it's just some random person
feeding off of ignorance feeding off of
bigotry do I think this is a good idea
overall yeah if you take it seriously if
you're willing to put in the effort it
takes to learn to win not just be safe
because it's a very dangerous tool it is
an extremely dangerous tool it's like
down here in Florida after every
hurricane a bunch of people that you
know have never used a power tool in
their life go out and buy a chainsaw you
can see them in Home Depot and Lowe's
and you know that if you go to the
emergency room that night you'll see
some of them because they can read the
safety manual and they can get a good
idea of how to be safe with it in theory
but they don't know how to use it for
its intended purpose and that's where it
becomes dangerous the same thing is true
with a firearm
especially when you you're not talking
about target shooting you're not talking
about hunting you're talking about
combat combat it is the same thing you
were talking about life and death so if
you're willing to put in the effort to
learn how to do that then yeah it's a
good idea it's a good idea if you're not
don't do it don't purchase it'll only
lead to bad things the powerful and the
big problems in the United States is a
whole bunch of people own firearms and
very few of them really know how to use
them on anything other than paper when
you learn how to use one to win there's
a new respect
that comes along with it for the tool
that's one of the things that's missing
oddly enough I think we'd see less
violence if people understood how to
employ it better and it makes sense but
anyway is just a thought they'll have a
good night